the third A in our clause framework stands for archive. And so what we're going to do now is actually give it a prompt. So I'm going to say, hey there dude, what I would like you to do is to create a memory system for gravity claw. What I'm thinking is I want its ability to remember the entire conversation, but I also want it to semantically be able to access the conversation. So maybe we have some kind of rag database. Maybe we have superb base with some SQL and we connect that. Could you just do a little bit of research to find the best in-class memory system that would retain context for the entire conversation, but also would save for us core bits of information and would remember and almost feel like it wouldn't forget anything we ever said without restoring redundant information. Go ahead and strategize what that best memory system might look like and come up with a suggested plan of action and connections that might be valuable. And then we're going to let anti-gravity go and run and think about this. And I should also say, by the way, I have a very clear idea on the solution. The reason why I've done this with you right now by asking it the question is because I I it's much more valuable that you know how to fish then I give you the fish, right? I want to show you how you can troubleshoot. If you have a desired outcome, how you can use anti-gravity to make your gravity claw pretty much whatever you want to. And if I don't like it working a certain way, I don't like the weight stores memory. I want to try something else that you can't access in any of these models anywhere else. I can build it in gravity claw no problem by just telling it this is how I want your memory to function under these certain categories. Beautiful. So now it's done and it's actually built a graphic of what our memory system looks like. And the cool thing is if we don't like it, we can change it and we can add different flavors and and and sort of different views on it. So we've got a three tier memory system for gravity claw that makes the agent remember everything across restart architecture. One is core memory which is always in the system prompt. Two is conversation buffer and then we have semantic long-term memory and we have LLM calls and it's got everything down here for us. And then to activate it, we just need to give our Pine Cone API key. So, what I'm going to say is, "Awesome, dude. I'll grab that pancreon API key. Could you just explain this memory system to us in a couple of sentences with bullet points and why this is the best way to do it and under what circumstances it creates memories?" Beautiful. So, we're going to head out over to Pine Cone to grab this API key. Pine cone, if you don't know, by the way, is a vector database. Will basically let you store anything. You could throw encyclopedia bratannica into Pine Cone and it will store it that. And so, the idea is we don't want to give all the context in every message because we'll burn through the context very very quickly. And by vectorzing it, what we can do is only pull down the relevant stuff with this sort of semantic search. So on the left hand side, click on API keys. And then we're going to create a brand new API key. And we'll call this one gravity claw. Uh we can have no spaces. That's no problem. Click on create key. And then you come down and basically copy this key. And head back over to anti-gravity. And then close this down. And then to explain what it's actually done here for us, right? So it's three layers. Layer one is a core memory. It's always on. We've got a conversational buffer. We've got a semantic memory for long-term recall. When does it create memories? Every single message is automatically saved to the conversation buffer and embedded in Pine Cone. After every exchange, the LLM quietly scans a conversation for important facts, your name, preference, and deadline. When the agent decides what to do, it has a remember facts tool they can explicitly use mid conversation, which is cool. And then we're also going to give it an initialization conversation. Cool. What I'd also like you to do next is have my Gravity Claw go through a list of core information to ask me questions that you think are relevant. And I want this com this information to be preloaded as context in every single conversation I have. Make sure it's not too long so that the memory doesn't blow. But this is core information I wanted to remember. Awesome. Here is my pine cone API key. Awesome. So now it is done. We got SQL light. Pine cone semantics memory connected. Bot is running. Oh my goodness, guys. Everything is happening right now. And then we've got this initialization sequence. So let's go and pull Telegram. Beautiful. And then let's ask it a question. So if I do for/ setup and see what happens. Great. I'm going to ask you some questions. how freaking cool this is. So, what should I call you? Just call me Jack. That's cool. I'm going go through all these different questions and explain everything. So, I put some random information just to skip by, but at any point we can run through the setup again. So, I'm going to say, "Hey there, dude. I really like coffee and one of the things I really want to do this year is add as much value as possible to my community and keep making it as amazing as possible and grow glider." Okay, cool. So, let's just say that I'm just going to I'm going to throw something in there as like a fake memory and see what it says. And now what I also might do is say something like by the way one of the things that you should know about glido is the fact it is a speechtoext startup. Okay great. We can also if you want to create a soul.md for gravity claw. So we can say this is your compass of your personality that we want you to behave like. Okay so now I'm going to say something like hey tell me what is glido to see if it remembers. Give this a second. And look at this guys based on what you told me earlier this is what it is. Awesome guys. If we come over now to Pine Cone, you can see we have gravity claw enabled. And I can click on this guy and take a look at it and we should start to see some information. Look at this. Hey dude, one of the things I really want to do this year and it's got all that information saved in buying cone and you connected all of it. How crazy is that? And the other thing I'd want to do is build a bit of a soul.md then for gravity claw. So it has a personality and then we can say I want you to be friendly. I want you to challenge my ideas creatively. So let me give some custom instructions. Hey, I want to create a soul.md for gravity claw. Basically, this is the way that it behaves. And again, this needs to be added to every prompt behind the scenes. I want it to be constructive, but I want it to challenge my thinking. I don't want it to be sycopantic. I want it to um be I don't want it to be overly formal. I think casual is decent. Mirror my language, my vibe. Tell me how it how it is. Don't sugarcoat it. And always try to find new things. Think about the question behind the question. Try to look around corners and be proactive in the way that you think about things. Cool. Just a general prompt of how I like my AI to behave. challenge my thinking, help me think more clearly on things. And so now we've got the memory lock down and the ability to communicate. The next thing that we're going to want to do is to give it superpowers. And by superpowers, I mean connect it to any of the apps that you can already access with an anti-gravity, which is why the fourth step is wire. And by wire, we just mean wire up our um our actual service here. Now, what's